com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/MeetingRepositoryServiceImpl.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.MeetingRepositoryServiceImpl
com/medizine/backend/models/Media.java
 com.medizine.backend.models.Media
com/medizine/backend/dto/User.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.User
 com.medizine.backend.dto.User$UserBuilder
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/SlotBookingRequest.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.SlotBookingRequest
com/medizine/backend/exceptions/RestExceptionHandler.java
 com.medizine.backend.exceptions.RestExceptionHandler
com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/SlotRepositoryService.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.SlotRepositoryService
com/medizine/backend/models/DoctorEntity.java
 com.medizine.backend.models.DoctorEntity
com/medizine/backend/controller/ZoomController.java
 com.medizine.backend.controller.ZoomController
com/medizine/backend/exceptions/StorageFileNotFoundException.java
 com.medizine.backend.exceptions.StorageFileNotFoundException
com/medizine/backend/dto/ZoomMeetingStatus.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.ZoomMeetingStatus
com/medizine/backend/controller/AppointmentController.java
 com.medizine.backend.controller.AppointmentController
com/medizine/backend/repositories/MediaRepository.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositories.MediaRepository
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/Response.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.Response
com/medizine/backend/dto/Slot.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.Slot
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/UploadMediaResponse.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.UploadMediaResponse
com/medizine/backend/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositories.UserRepository
com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/UserRepositoryServiceImpl.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.UserRepositoryServiceImpl
com/medizine/backend/dto/StatusType.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.StatusType
com/medizine/backend/dto/Status.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.Status
com/medizine/backend/MedizineBackendApplication.java
 com.medizine.backend.MedizineBackendApplication
com/medizine/backend/config/StorageProperties.java
 com.medizine.backend.config.StorageProperties
com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/MediaRepositoryService.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.MediaRepositoryService
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/UserPatchRequest.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.UserPatchRequest
com/medizine/backend/dto/MultiLingual.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.MultiLingual
com/medizine/backend/exceptions/DocumentStorageException.java
 com.medizine.backend.exceptions.DocumentStorageException
com/medizine/backend/controller/ApiCrudController.java
 com.medizine.backend.controller.ApiCrudController
com/medizine/backend/dto/BaseModel.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.BaseModel
com/medizine/backend/services/ZoomMeetingService.java
 com.medizine.backend.services.ZoomMeetingService
com/medizine/backend/controller/BaseController.java
 com.medizine.backend.controller.BaseController
com/medizine/backend/repositories/AppointmentRepository.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositories.AppointmentRepository
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/SlotStatusRequest.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.SlotStatusRequest
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/PatchHelper.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.PatchHelper
com/medizine/backend/services/BaseService.java
 com.medizine.backend.services.BaseService
com/medizine/backend/dto/BaseEntity.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.BaseEntity
com/medizine/backend/utils/ApiSubError.java
 com.medizine.backend.utils.ApiSubError
 com.medizine.backend.utils.ApiValidationError
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/DoctorPatchRequest.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.DoctorPatchRequest
com/medizine/backend/services/MediaService.java
 com.medizine.backend.services.MediaService
com/medizine/backend/services/DoctorService.java
 com.medizine.backend.services.DoctorService
com/medizine/backend/dto/Doctor.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.Doctor
 com.medizine.backend.dto.Doctor$DoctorBuilder
com/medizine/backend/services/UserService.java
 com.medizine.backend.services.UserService
com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/MeetingRepositoryService.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.MeetingRepositoryService
com/medizine/backend/dto/Appointment.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.Appointment
 com.medizine.backend.dto.Appointment$AppointmentBuilder
com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/AppointmentRepositoryService.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.AppointmentRepositoryService
com/medizine/backend/controller/SlotController.java
 com.medizine.backend.controller.SlotController
com/medizine/backend/exceptions/MedizineAppException.java
 com.medizine.backend.exceptions.MedizineAppException
com/medizine/backend/controller/UserController.java
 com.medizine.backend.controller.UserController
com/medizine/backend/controller/DoctorController.java
 com.medizine.backend.controller.DoctorController
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/ZoomMeetingResponse.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.ZoomMeetingResponse
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.ZoomMeetingResponse$ZoomMeetingResponseBuilder
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/AppointmentResponse.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.AppointmentResponse
com/medizine/backend/log/UncaughtExceptionHandler.java
 com.medizine.backend.log.UncaughtExceptionHandler
com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/DoctorRepositoryServiceImpl.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.DoctorRepositoryServiceImpl
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/BaseResponse.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.BaseResponse
com/medizine/backend/repositories/ZoomRepository.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositories.ZoomRepository
com/medizine/backend/exceptions/StorageException.java
 com.medizine.backend.exceptions.StorageException
com/medizine/backend/controller/MediaController.java
 com.medizine.backend.controller.MediaController
com/medizine/backend/services/MediaStorageService.java
 com.medizine.backend.services.MediaStorageService
com/medizine/backend/dto/MedicalHistory.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.MedicalHistory
com/medizine/backend/dto/UserBookingDetail.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.UserBookingDetail
com/medizine/backend/repositories/DoctorRepository.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositories.DoctorRepository
com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/UserRepositoryService.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.UserRepositoryService
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/ZoomMeetingRequest.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.ZoomMeetingRequest
com/medizine/backend/dto/ZoomMeeting.java
 com.medizine.backend.dto.ZoomMeeting
com/medizine/backend/services/MediaStorageServiceImpl.java
 com.medizine.backend.services.MediaStorageServiceImpl
com/medizine/backend/CorsConfig.java
 com.medizine.backend.CorsConfig
com/medizine/backend/repositoryservices/DoctorRepositoryService.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositoryservices.DoctorRepositoryService
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/DoctorListResponse.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.DoctorListResponse
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/SlotResponse.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.SlotResponse
com/medizine/backend/config/SwaggerConfiguration.java
 com.medizine.backend.config.SwaggerConfiguration
com/medizine/backend/repositories/SlotRepository.java
 com.medizine.backend.repositories.SlotRepository
com/medizine/backend/utils/ApiError.java
 com.medizine.backend.utils.ApiError
com/medizine/backend/exchanges/UserListResponse.java
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.UserListResponse
 com.medizine.backend.exchanges.UserListResponse$UserListResponseBuilder
